Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Today's Friday, December the
19th, and this is the Moneyball Morning
Report for the Benzig Pro platform. My
name is Anmie Band. Charts by Trendpider
and Gamma Flows by Menthther Q. For
those of us that maybe are just looking
at gamma flows for the first time or
we're writing snarky notes in the
comments,
please remember that these are simply
areas of interest and it is where
traders have positioned themselves ahead
of time. Now, here's something super
interesting. If I sell a call and I sell
a put,
what happens is I collect a credit,
right? So that credit actually gives me
a buffer so that I can actually expand
under these walls and still make money
just so long as it doesn't expand up and
over what I collected on the inside.
Now, that also being said, we've got put
support that is well down here, 6,700.
The big call wall 7,000. So, we know
they're jammed up in between those two
ledges. And we can see the flows
trapping us in the main area between
6880,
6890, and 6770.
So, it's about 110 points. And where we
can see at the end of yesterday's
trading day, this is where the zero DTE
traders have positioned themselves into
the morning. All right, as we know, zero
DTEES do move during the course of the
day, but the biggest positioning sits at
the end of the prior trading day because
that's how these traders like to collect
their premium. All right. So that being
said, we can see that we are caught
between 6800 where the zero DTE port
wall is and
where the call wall is. Now of course we
know those are simply regions and we're
going to pay attention to that. Take a
look at this. If you know, if we're
staring it down, we might go, "Hey,
there could be a pretty big rally on the
end of this. If the traders can get up
and over the zero DTE wall, if they
don't, and this red bar here is a
resistance area, and it's building a ton
of support here. So, what are we staring
down? Where has inventory accumulate
accumulated overnight? It is between
maybe 68.
Yeah, 6819
all the way to the anchored VWAP at
6835. Notice it's breaking out. So,
we're going to use
one of those, right? and we're going to
put our uh range at the top of that. We
can see that we're getting close to the
edge. And wouldn't you know it, sellers
are sitting in that zone. This little
red pocket here also represents sellers,
but
you got to look at trend. And what are
we seeing? We're seeing
higher lows,
but lower highs. So, this is the wedge
we have to get ourselves out of. What is
inventory currently sitting at right now
at 5:00 a.m. in the morning, 5:30?
It's long. Inventory is long going into
this area. That means they're going to
want to correct. Where will they likely
correct? If there's more upward flow,
they're going to come into that anchored
VWAP event at 6837
or so 6835. So, watch for that zone for
buyers to show up if you want to
anticipate more upward flow. Of course,
this is my suspicion. We're going to um
move up into these expiration events and
indeed because the VIX is expiring after
um the broad indices, we could see some
reflexive action after the fact. But as
it s it, we've got something that looks
like upward flow to me. Where will my
thoughts about more upward action be
invalidated? The break of 6820.
If that 6820 gets broken,
I'm going to be concerned about picking
up longs on the dips. All right. So, by
default, that means if I come into 6820
and I start holding it, going to make a
pretty nice buy zone because it's all
the inventory that we collected over the
pre-market hours. All right, value area
low 68.23.
Value area high
is 6874.
That should be our range. I would not be
surprised to see a little bit of upward
pressure. It will be a Friday, but I
also would not be surprised to see it
fade, right? And if it does fade and we
break first the zero DTE put wall and
then where we saw all the aggressive
inventory accumulation in the pre in
yesterday's pre-market action. We can
see it's a really wide range that goes
all the way down to 6774 and begins
right at about 6800. But that 6800 is a
very important level. All right, that's
what we want to watch. Bit chatty there.
I apologize.
[clears throat]
Okay, let's take a look at the NQ.
What we do see is the same sort of
thing. Upward trending formations from
underneath,
lower trending formations from above.
So, we got price compression here. Broke
just outside of this region here. So, it
does look like it's breaking to the
north. We could see a little bit more of
that. Where has the trading been
uh pretty active?
I think the inventory has really been
collecting.
It's pretty wide, right?
A little noisy. It's been collecting
since 25,000
200 all the way up to 25,300.
So that's a 100 point range. If we
expand that upward, it's going to put us
into this high volume region of 25,424.
If we expand to the downside,
we're going to see
25,70
or so. Looks to me like we've got a
fairly solid inventory line sitting
right there at 25,068.
As a trader, we want to really be
careful about that edge. The sellers, I
think, will become much more active
if we lose this area of high
consolidation in the opening range. And
that is the first gamma level. That's
25,200.
So you want to watch for behavior there.
Remember, everybody's in an argument
over that sort of thing. So we go from
25,200
all the way up to 25,400.
Would not be surprised if we break
through this 25,420.
We've got the zero DTE call wall.
Yeah. and the major call wall at 25,500.
Wouldn't be surprised to see that
either. Okay, so that being said, we've
got ourselves a range. It does look like
the traders are trying to hold the floor
here. Dips are likely to be buys. You
just don't want to hang on if it loses
the floor. Just cut and run. And if you
get aggressive about your entry and you
decide, hey, I think I want to enter at
the point of control, which is this pink
line here, you know, just realize that
your risk might just be a little bit
wider and you might want to wait for it
to actually recover up over the prior
days anchored VWAP, which is 25,260.
If price action does not fade, remember
we should see inventory correction. It's
very common when our overnight
formations are long. [snorts] Inventory
correction is something that we see. It
comes later sometimes and not all the
way. Notice it stayed very long.
Inventory here shot up and then pulled
back before moving to the upside.
My suspicion is that we pull back prior
to the open of the day and then move to
the north. Let's see what we have going
on for Friday.
Uh personal income and outlays and then
existing home sales and consumer
sentiment. So, a couple of things that
could actively move us. So, you want to
watch out for those time frames.
Let's see if there are any other levels
I want to talk to you about. anchored
VWAP from the prior day, 25,136.
And then you can see all of this
inventory just really accumulating here.
So, watch out for that. Let's take a
look at Micro Bitcoin.
Wow, that is quite the range. But you
could see sellers here up at the top. I
am going to remove that segment and give
us another one that looks a little bit
more relevant. We are breaking through
that.
This is very interesting.
Wide bottoming range. Let's expand that
a little.
You know what? Inventory is sitting in a
different space here. We don't want to.
That's going to clutter things up. So
the big call wall
up here at 90,000. It's continues to get
moved down. It was at 92. We can see
clear resistance there. Now it's at 90.
Let's see where the put wall was. Okay,
the put wall is still at 75,000. So we
know that these traders are expecting
downside pressure. Here's the thing. If
it breaks out and we breach these walls,
remember if I'm short calls, it means
that I want to be underneath this area.
So, if price action expands,
I'm going to have to buy the index so
that my delta is neutral. And so if it
breaches this zone and continues with
positive momentum, we're going to have
ourselves a pretty hot run because the
price action here is relatively
um
aggressive, right? The price action here
is
we can have all kinds of moves. So watch
out for that. What we do see is that
every single major spike is getting
sold.
BOJ gave the event out.
I don't know if that's going to shift
this. We do know that Bitcoin has been
affected by
a carry trade adjustment.
Maybe it changes, but uh I don't think
that it actually does. All right. So,
and people are not afraid to short it
anymore.
All right. Levels to watch. Support
85,000.
resistance 90,000.
If you're bullish, wait for 85,000 to
hold and take it.
Take some profit on the way up. If
you're bearish, wait for the rejection
of 90 and then take the rotation down. A
lot of you hivers are doing really well
with your analysis and so absolutely
love seeing that. Let's go to the crude
futures.
So, we had a State of the Union address.
I think um oil faded dramatically after
its first move up. Um everybody was
waiting for him to say something about
Venezuela. He did not. And so, we're
back down in the same pocket. Here's the
thing. I still think that we are
building a floor. And that floor at 55
is pretty important. And it's pretty
important because
it's sort of that line in the sand that
these producers need in order to at
least do something with um the the
industry. All right. So point of control
55,000 excuse me $55.77.
The pull wall remains at 55. The call
wall
is at 70. No, that is the one max.
That's 57. The call wall is right up
here at 56. Now notice this call wall
has been sitting in these zones.
These zerodt call walls have been
sitting in these zones and moving up and
back down and up and back down intraday.
That's why it makes the most sense to
look at the ones that are printed after
the end of the day relative to the big
call walls and the big put walls. The
big put walls still up at 61.
I suspect that moves in after next week,
but we are still sitting in a region
that shows breakout action above 56 into
the next area of resistance at 5634.
This does not look like a very enticing
range to trade. And indeed,
after this move, the trend is still
downward, right? We need to make a
higher low here. We need not to test
this put. And it looks like that
anchored VWAP of 5550 is going to be
that floor. If it loses that edge, I
would not trade oil long. I am waiting
for this thing to actually double bottom
and then move to the top of the range. I
do not trust it in any kind of long
fashion at the moment. Even though I
think it's being manipulated downward, I
I would not think to buy it here.
All right. Uh
gold
Gold broke to a new high. Isn't that
right? Break to a new high. Yeah, it did
by a couple of ticks. So, I stand
corrected in terms of the big motion
here. Do we have a double top on the
daily? That's the story board. My
thought is this. If it breaks up over
this wall at 4415,
it's probably going to have another
squeeze up, right? Because a lot of
people are looking at this double top.
So, don't get all excited trading this
in a topping formation. That that would
be the first thing I would say. The
second thing would be if it does break
to the north, make sure you collapse
into very tiny time frames and make sure
it's making at least higher lows. If it
starts wicking up top, making higher
highs, just trim your gains and leave
with what you've got. It simply is not
worth the risk. Mike Bellfury has a a
really couple of great tweets on what
this market is doing. He's um the uh one
of the senior guys at SMB Capital and he
was just talking about what his traders
are doing to manage profitability and
that is getting in and getting out
quickly because there are so many wicks
in the market. So what are we staring
down? We have the zero DTE put wall at
and we're under that. You know, we need
to be above it. and the call wall is
4415.
And so these are very likely to move
during the day. But what it's telling us
is that they're jammed up thinking I'm
moving this pole wall up and we're going
to have a topping formation. So, if
they're wrong, if this is not a topping
formation, you're going to see a big
move because they're all thinking it is
a big move to the downside like we saw,
you know, four or five days ago. All
right,
support ledge that we really want to
consider is 4325.
We lose that zone. We've got ourselves
some downside pressure. This is a very
nasty price action space. I mean,
literally, it's it's hideous. Truly,
it's absolutely hideous. Let's
remove this one. Hang on. And let's
clone this one
so we can have a parallel situation and
see where we lost the lines. So it looks
like here ton of inventory
being collected between 4355
and 4370.
Deep dips still getting bought, but this
is a broad sideways pattern that
absolutely looks atrocious. It really,
really does. Let's see where the walls
are.
The big call wall is the same as the
zero DTE. That's at 4415. The put wall
is down here at 4,100. So that feels
pretty safe. A ton of support sitting
around 4240.
And then of course this 4324
pretty important. So be careful.
I I don't like that chart either today.
That looks horrible.
Taking a good spy
trend line formation. They they've got a
trend line break,
higher lows,
lower highs, but it certainly looks like
a floor is being held at around 675.
If we hold the 675,
678 to 680,
next lines in the sand. Okay, so that's
what we're staring down here.
Where's Where's the line? that says,
"Hey, you don't want to break this one."
I I suspect that that is 675. If it
loses 675, buying the dips underneath
there, uh, they get a little dicey all
the way down
to the one day min which is at 671. And
day before yesterday, really deep. We
did fill the gap and moved all the way
to the top. We only corrected about
halfway and never filled the formation
in pre-market. And so it could be that
the traders come all the way down and
then bounce, but I still suspect that
the the dips are going to get bought.
What we want to do is make sure that you
don't sit around looking for something
to go long and stay long when you've got
a formation that looks like this. When
you're underneath the VWAP and you've
got all of these wicks, that's just not
a good space. Okay, it's likely to
continue downward. All right, everyone.
Take care and I will see you uh today. I
am in on Topstep TV
at uh I think it's um I think it's 100
p.m. Eastern. And uh then we'll see each
other on market kickoff on Sunday night.
All right, everyone. Take care.